README.md, before:

## AIFinalProject README

### Project Title: AIFinalProject

---

### Project Description
This project focuses on implementing AI techniques to predict a person's next menstrual cycle. It includes data preprocessing, model training, evaluation, and visualization of results.

---

### Folder Structure
The project repository is structured as follows:
```
AIFinalProject/
│
├── predictor.py             # Main Python script for prediction
├── Datasets/                # Folder containing datasets used in the project
├── Models/                  # Folder containing trained models
├── Static/                  # Folder containing static files (e.g., images)
├── Templates/               # Folder containing template files
├── README.md                # README file (this document)

```

---

### Installation
To set up the project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone <repository_url>
   cd AIFinalProject
   ```

2. **Create a virtual environment:**
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate   # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`
   ```

3. **Install the required packages:**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

---

### Usage


- **Running the predictor script:**
  ```
  python predictor.py
  ```
---

### Dataset
The `Datasets` folder contains the datasets used in this project. Please ensure that the datasets are in the correct format and properly preprocessed before use.

---

### Models
The `Models` folder contains the pre-trained models. You can load these models for prediction or further training.

---

### Results
Results of the model predictions and evaluations will be stored in the `Results` folder. You can find detailed performance metrics and visualizations in this directory.

---
### Loading the Webpage Locally
To load the webpage locally, follow these steps:

Ensure you are in the project directory:

```
cd AIFinalProject
```
Run the Flask application:
```
export FLASK_APP=predictor.py     # On Windows, use `set FLASK_APP=predictor.py`
flask run
```
Access the webpage:
Open your web browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to view the webpage locally.
---

Commit message:

Refactor code for clarity and update README description
- Remove unnecessary comments in `app.py` to enhance readability.
- Clarify project description in `README.md` to specify LSTM model usage and web interface features.
- Add new section in `README.md` to highlight key features of the project.

README.md, after:

## AIFinalProject README

### Project Title: AIFinalProject

---

### Project Description
This project is focused on predicting the length of a menstrual cycle using a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model. The project includes a web-based interface where users can input relevant data, and the model predicts the next cycle length. The LSTM model is trained on historical data and is capable of capturing temporal dependencies, making it well-suited for time-series prediction tasks.

---

### Folder Structure
The project repository is structured as follows:
```
AIFinalProject/
│
├── predictor.py             # Main Python script for prediction
├── Datasets/                # Folder containing datasets used in the project
├── Models/                  # Folder containing trained models
├── Static/                  # Folder containing static files 
├── Templates/               # Folder containing template files
├── README.md                # README file

```

---
### Features

- **LSTM Model:** The core of the project is an LSTM model trained to predict cycle length based on user input.
- **Web Interface:** A Flask web application that allows users to input data and receive predictions.


---
### Installation
To set up the project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone <repository_url>
   cd AIFinalProject
   ```

2. **Create a virtual environment:**
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate   # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`
   ```

3. **Install the required packages:**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

---

### Usage


- **Running the predictor script:**
  ```
  python predictor.py
  ```
---

### Dataset
The `Datasets` folder contains the datasets used in this project. Please ensure that the datasets are in the correct format and properly preprocessed before use.

---

### Models
The `Models` folder contains the pre-trained models. You can load these models for prediction or further training.

---

### Results
Results of the model predictions and evaluations will be stored in the `Results` folder. You can find detailed performance metrics and visualizations in this directory.

---
### Loading the Webpage Locally
To load the webpage locally, follow these steps:

Ensure you are in the project directory:

```
cd AIFinalProject
```
Run the Flask application:
```
export FLASK_APP=predictor.py     # On Windows, use `set FLASK_APP=predictor.py`
flask run
```
Access the webpage:
Open your web browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to view the webpage locally.
---
